HW2

Problem 1.
   a) There is a clean working directory and README.md is Tracked but Unmodifed
   b) README.md is Modified and contains changes that haven't been staged for commit.
      fun_problem.txt is Untracked and hasn't been staged for commit
   c) Changes in README and fun_problem are Staged for commit
   d) README and fun_problem are Modified and contain changes that haven't been staged for commit.
   e) Changes in README are Staged for commit and fun_problem is Tracked but Unmodifed.
      fun_problem is empty since "git checkout" discards changes in working directory.
   f) README.md is Modified and contains changes that haven't been staged for commit and also still
      has changes that are Staged for commit.
Problem 2.
   a) TAB
   b) g++ -I. -std=c++11 -ggdb shape1.o shape.o -o shape1 -lm
      rm -f shape.o shape1.o shape2.o *~ shape1 shape2 *~
   c) .PHONY is used to avoid potential file name conflicts with commands. In the example shown, ".PHONY clean" ensures that
      "make clean" runs the clean command as it is specified in the Makefile even if another file named "clean" is created in
      the same directory
   d) 2 and 4 are acceptable answers
Problem 3.
   1) See q3.pdf
Problem 4.
   1) A Queue of recipe step nodes each with a string to store a given step. Since Queues are is First In First Out, 
   it would be easy to add steps to and dequeue steps as they are completed from the front of the Queue.

   2) A Set of strings would be the best for this case as sets ensure that there can be no duplicate keys, thus ensuring
   that all TV station IDs would be unique.

   3) A Map of players with a string key as the player name and string value as team name. This would allow for quickly being able 
   to find players by key and checking their value to see what team they are playing on.

   4) A map of file extensions with the string key as the extension name and a Set value for storing the programs that can open it.
   This would allow for quickly being able to lookup file extensions and add to their Set of programs while ensuring that
   duplicate programs are not also added.
Problem 5.
   1) See q5.pdf
   
